Story Recapped here. Today, I'm going to explain
an action and horror film called "Ready or Not."
Spoilers ahead! Watch out and take care.
One stormy night, two frightened boys run inside
a candle-lit Victorian mansion. The older boy,
Daniel, tells his brother, Alex, to hide
in a closet. As soon as he closes the door,
a wounded man named Charles begs Daniel
for help, telling the boy that someone is
trying to kill him. Panic in his eyes,
Daniel alerts his pursuers instead.
Immediately, a group of masked people
clad in formal wear corner him.
Charles' bride, Helene, begs for his life
before someone shoots a speargun at him.
Daniel keeps his back to the closet,
protecting his younger brother. A woman
tells Daniel that she's proud of him.
Charles is taken away by the
group. Helene gives up the fight,
taking a deep breath before joining
the people who've taken her husband.
Thirty years later, Grace practices her
wedding vows in front of the mirror.
She enjoys a smoke to calm her nerves
about marrying into the Le Domas family.
Her fiance, Alex, joins her, watching
his family outside and joking about them.
Alex believes his family is horrible,
but Grace wants them to accept her.
Alex's brother, Daniel, walks in to collect him.
Alex sincerely tells Grace that she can still
escape their family but drops the idea and leaves.
While alone, Alex offers her a chance to leave as
well. She thinks it's a joke and assures
him that she's committed to marrying him.
While taking wedding photos, Alex's father, Tony,
expresses disapproval over Grace
and Alex's two-year disappearance.
Their aunt, Helene, glares at Grace, and
Daniel's wife, Charity, disapproves of her.
Alex's mother, Becky, sees Grace's
unease and tries to lighten up her mood,
saying that she got the same disapproval
when she married into the family.
The rest of the wedding continues without a hitch.
The bride and groom walk down
the aisle with bright smiles.
That evening, Grace and Alex fool around in
his old bedroom. The mood is interrupted by
Helene watching the couple by
the servant's door in the room.
Helene announces that the
family is waiting for them.
Once alone, Alex reveals the family's tradition.
Due to the family's fortune coming
from board games and playing cards,
they play a game at midnight every
time someone joins the Le Domas family.
The game is chosen by drawing a card. Grace
finds it odd but is determined to win the game.
In the dining room, Alex reveals to his
father that he intends to take Grace
away from the family the following day
and never tell her about their secrets.
Grace explores the mansion on the way to
the music room. Becky welcomes her warmly.
They talk about Grace's foster family and how
she had always wanted to have a permanent family.
Grace reveals that Alex didn't want them to
go through the wedding initially but saw how
important it was to Grace. Becky thanks Grace,
seeing the good she brings out on Alex. Then,
she begs Grace to convince Alex to stay with them.
Concerned about what his mother might say,
Alex pulls Grace away. Grace notices
Alex's nervousness, making her worried.
Alex's sister Emilie, her husband, Fitch, and
their sons, Georgie and Gabe, arrive. Emillie
is ecstatic to meet Grace, but Helene interrupts
the girls, showing disappointment in her niece.
The family enters the game room, which is
full of hunting weapons and animal displays.
Here, Tony tells the story of
the Le Domas' gaming empire.
Their great-grandfather, a
merchant seaman named Victor,
was dared to solve a puzzle box by an
antique collector named Mr. Le Bail.
Mr. Le Bail promised to finance
any business he wanted if he won.
Victor solved the box and used the money to build
his gaming business. Thus, the family holds the
tradition of letting the box from the story choose
a game to welcome new members to the family.
Tony hands the box to Grace, telling her
to draw a card from it. Grace takes a card
and announces the game "Hide and Seek." The
room falls silent, and Alex looks horrified.
To play the game, Grace must hide from the
family until dawn. But Alex whispers for
her to meet him in their room. Grace
says no; she wants to play for real.
The cameras are turned off, and the windows and
doors are locked. The family butler, Stevens,
plays a record while Grace finds a
place to hide. Unbeknownst to her,
the family arms themselves with hunting weapons
while waiting for the record to countdown.
Grace finds a dumbwaiter and hides inside.
Becky advises her son to stay behind,
knowing his worry for his new wife.
They leave Alex in the game room
with Charity guarding the door.
But Alex goes into the servant's corridors to
find Grace. Charity finds the game room empty.
As they search for Grace, Fitch struggles with
his crossbow. He excuses himself to the bathroom,
feeling nervous about their task.
Quickly bored of the game, Grace crawls out
of the dumbwaiter, ripping her dress when it
gets caught. Grace hears the maid, Clara,
looking for Georgie and hides from her.
A hand grabs Grace from behind. It's Alex, pulling
her to hide behind the bed. Clara walks inside,
thinking that Georgie is hiding there.
She hears a crash and peeks out the door.
Grace watches as a bullet hits Clara.
Emilie excitedly goes into the room,
thinking she got Grace. Tony, Daniel,
Becky, and Helene walk in,
scolding Emilie for her mistake.
Grace overhears them talk about a
ritual where they need the bride alive.
When they leave with Clara's body, Alex
hurries Grace to pack up and leave.
Grace is still in shock, confused
at what happened. Alex pulls Grace
into the servant's corridors just
as Emilie comes back for her gun.
Away from danger, Grace is shaken
with fear as she puts her shoes on.
Alex reveals that, since she
pulled the only bad card,
tradition says that something terrible will
happen to them if they don't sacrifice Grace.
Grace is furious, thinking that he knew she'd
be in danger, but he insists that he didn't.
Inside the bathroom, Fitch hears
their voices from the vent but
focuses on watching a video on using a crossbow.
Alex tells her that they would've both died
like his uncle and cousin if they didn't play
a game after getting married. Alex thought he'd
lose her if he told her about the curse earlier.
After expressing his love, Alex
instructs Grace to wait for him in
the service kitchen while he unlocks
the doors from the security room.
To move easier, Grace rips the bottom of her
dress. She finds herself between two doors,
not knowing which one leads to the kitchen.
Tony and Daniel carry Clara's body when
Grace walks into the hallway behind them.
She runs to the other side, where Emilie
frantically fires at her, missing entirely.
Grace escapes to the study room. She
tries the phone, but it doesn't work.
She hears a sound nearby and hides, only
for Daniel to walk in from her door.
Grace is frozen in fear. But Daniel
pours himself a drink. He gives her a
10-second head start before calling for his
family. Grace runs as Daniel counts down.
Daniel finally announces her location.
Charity is disappointed that he lost Grace.
Daniel questions his wife's morality,
but Charity reminds him of her past, saying
she'd rather die than lose what she has now.
The rest of the family joins them. Daniel despises
how they act as if what they're doing was normal.
When Emilie notices her gun missing, Fitch offers
his crossbow. Another maid, Tina, tells the family
she saw Grace, but Emilie pulls the trigger on
the crossbow, hitting her. Tina moans in pain,
interrupting Helene's speech. Frustrated, Helene
swings her ax on the maid, ending her misery.
Becky suggests using the cameras. The others
agree, but Helene wants to stick to tradition.
The family argues before finally deciding
to use the cameras to find Grace and Alex.
Grace goes into the game room and takes a shotgun
and ammunition. Seeing herself in the mirror,
she's disturbed at what she's become.
Alex reaches the security room just
as Grace enters the service kitchen.
Seeing that the door is still locked, she attempts
to shoot at the lock, but the gun isn't loaded.
She hears whistling nearby and hides.
In a hallway, Daniel notices the cameras are
back on, suspecting that Alex turned them on.
Back in the kitchen, Stevens is preparing tea.
Grace crawls quietly, avoiding him. She
loads the shotgun as quietly as she can.
She locks the gun with a click as Stevens
starts singing and the kettle whistles.
The lock on the door is disabled, alerting the
two. Grace aims her gun at the butler, demanding
him to let her go. She pulls the trigger, but
the ammunition is fake. Grace slams the teapot
on Stevens' face. He swings a kitchen knife to
block her, prompting Grace to find another way.
In the security room, Alex destroys
the controls with a fire extinguisher
just as his father enters. Alex
chokes Tony, threatening him to
let Grace go. Daniel calms his brother
down, allowing Tony to knock Alex out.
Grace hears Tony and Daniel from afar. She opens
the dumbwaiter to hide but finds the last maid,
Dora, inside. Grace assures her that the family
is looking for her, not Dora. Instead of letting
her hide, Dora yells for the family to get Grace.
Her hands accidentally press on the dumbwaiter's
button, starting it. Dora gets crushed
inside, despite Grace's attempts to save her.
In the bedroom, Tony handcuffs Alex to the
bed. Stevens announces that the windows and
doors are unlocked and that Dora is also
dead. Tony goes ballistic at the news.
Grace listens from outside the window with
the others gone as Helene claims that it's
Tony's fault that Alex lost his way. Tony
argues that Alex always hated the family,
but Helene believes that Alex is
just afraid of who he truly is.
Helene recounts how she regrets trying to save her
husband, and she should've done the deed herself.
Alex is the only one who'd seen
Mr. Le Bail when he was a child,
leading Helene to believe that he would lead
their family and would betray Grace in the end.
Downstairs, Fitch chats with a
friend on his phone. Grace drops,
appearing on the window behind
him, but he doesn't notice.
Finally, out of the house, Grace runs down
what was her wedding aisle. She heads for
the gate but stops when she sees someone with a
flashlight outside. She hides in the barn just
as the other person enters. Grace waits for
the person, only to find that it's Georgie.
She is relieved to see the boy, she walks
up to him, but he shoots her on the hand.
Grace stifles a scream before knocking the boy
unconscious. A goat startles her, causing her
to fall into a pit where the dead bodies of
the previous sacrifices are disposed of. Grace
struggles to climb up a ladder with an injured
hand, hurting her hand further with a nail.
Smoking outside, Charity spots Grace
running. She shoots her but misses.
Charity goes inside and
informs Stevens where Grace is.
Grace reaches the fence but can't climb
due to her injuries. A car drives nearby.
Grace desperately squeezes between the fence and
asks the driver for help, but he ignores her and
drives away. She sees another car coming from
the Le Domas estate, and she hides in the woods.
Stevens reports that Grace has gotten
out. Daniel jokes about the situation,
angering his father. Tony reminds
him that if Grace lives by morning,
they will all die, as another family did
after failing a deal with Mr. Le Bail.
Back in the bedroom, Alex uses his
handcuffs to grind himself free.
Emilie and Daniel dispose of the maids
in the pit. Tired of their deeds,
Daniel thinks that their family deserves to die.
Emilie argues that her kids don't deserve that.
They find Georgie, who tells them that he shot
Grace because that's what everyone was doing.
Emilie tells her son she's proud of
him, strengthening Daniel's belief.
Stevens chases Grace on a clearing, tackling her
down. Grace refuses to give up, choking him until
he collapses. She takes the car to escape,
not noticing that Stevens is still alive.
In the car, Grace calls the vehicle
assistance company for help. But the
vehicle has been reported stolen, and the
agent shuts it down remotely. The car stops
in the middle of the road, allowing Stevens
to catch up and shoot her with a tranquilizer.
Grace wakes up in the car with Stevens driving.
In a video call with the butler, the Le Domas
family is glad that Grace is being brought back.
Stevens turns up the radio's music in celebration,
not hearing the family's warnings. Grace kicks
him in the face, causing the car to crash.
Grace climbs out of the overturned
car, but Daniel finds her.
He admits that he likes Grace, but he
can't let his entire family die for her.
He knocks her out with a gun, then tells
his father to come out from hiding.
In the bedroom, Alex is still
handcuffed when his mother joins him.
She informs him that they got Grace. Becky
laments that she doesn't want to hurt Grace,
but her family comes first. Alex says the curse
is not real, and Becky chuckles -- he wouldn't
have let Grace pull a card if he didn't believe in
the curse. Alex tells his mother that he left them
because he was tired of the family's sadistic
traditions. He expresses his love for Grace,
saying that he chooses her over his
family. Becky doubts this, however.
Grace wakes up on a sacrificial table
with Tony chanting above her head.
Daniel hands his father the ritual wine,
which the family passes down to drink.
Grace screams under her mufflers,
watching as Tony lifts a blade over her.
Before he could stab her, however,
Tony and the rest start vomiting blood.
Daniel frees Grace just as Alex
is finally off his handcuffs.
Daniel hides with Grace, but Charity holds
them at gunpoint. She shoots her husband,
angering Grace, who steals the
gun and smacks her on the head.
Grace goes to comfort Daniel,
but he insists that she leaves.
Tony finds Grace, but she is no longer
scared. She grabs a lantern and knocks him
down. The lantern falls and burns a curtain.
Becky shoots an arrow at Grace but misses.
Alex finds Daniel dying on the floor,
begging that he still needs his brother.
He sits next to Daniel's body in grief.
Becky chokes Grace. Grace grabs the
table cloth, letting the puzzle box fall.
Crazed, Grace fights back, hitting
Becky repeatedly with the puzzle box.
She stops when Alex calls
her, seeing his mother's body.
Now uncertain if he's still on her side,
Grace backs away from her husband. Alex cries,
mentioning that his brother is dead. He asks Grace
if she'd stay with him after all that happened,
but she doesn't answer. Alex touches her face,
and Grace finds comfort in him. Then he holds
her head tight, finally coming to a decision.
Alex grabs Grace and calls for his family.
The remaining members of the family
come. Emilie and Tony mourn for Becky,
but Helene pushes them to continue the ritual.
With the two boys watching, the adults hold Grace
down. Alex looks down on his wife with a knife in
hand. Grace looks up at him, pleading, but he
made his choice. Alex plunges the knife down.
But Grace pulls her arm, letting
him stab her shoulder instead.
The confusion forces the rest to release
her. She wails, aiming the knife at them.
Helene draws out the curtains. The sun has
risen, causing Fitch and Tony to flinch.
Helene begs for forgiveness from
Mr. Le Bail from his empty chair.
They wait for the worst, but nothing happens.
Fitch laughs while the others are confused.
Helene thinks that Mr. Le Bail has given them
a second chance. She goes to attack Grace,
but she explodes in front of everyone.
The record starts playing as the house burns down.
Fitch, Charity, Emilie, and the boys die. Tony
challenges Mr. Le Bail, arguing that he'd been
loyal his whole life. This still doesn't save him.
Grace laughs at the family's demise. With Alex
the only one left, he apologizes to her, but
Grace denies him. She removes her ring and throws
it at him. Alex explodes. Grace, tired and fed up,
wipes the blood away. She looks at the chair
and sees a glimpse of Mr. Le Bail saluting her.
Grace leaves the burning mansion and sits on
the steps. She smokes a cigarette she took
from Becky's body. Sirens approach
the estate. Help finally arrived.
An officer asks her what happened.
Taking in a puff, she answers, "In-laws."